Hi guys, K- Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2017 Korean
Action Fantasy movie, called Along with the
Gods: the Two Worlds.
This movie tells the story of a man who died,
and whose soul is claimed by Hell.
He meets the Guardians who will defend him
in 7 trials of Hell, before being reincarnated.
So, how hard are the trials?
Will he get reincarnated?
Let’s find it out
The movie starts with the death of firefighter
Kim, after saving people trapped in a burning
building.
Haewonmak and Deok-choon, the two Guardians,
greet Kim and explain that he is dead.
Due to his honorable death, he gets the status
of a Paragon.
Kim has to go through 7 trials over 49 days,
and will be defended by the Guardians, in
order to be reincarnated.
Kim was forcefully portaled to Hell, to start
the trials.
In Hell, Kim is greeted by Guardian Leader,
Gang-rim, who has reincarnated 47 souls in
the past century.
Kim’s first trial is Murder Trial in Volcano
of the Damned.
Through Deok-choon’s clairvoyance, it is
revealed that Kim left his friend to die in
a burning building during his duty, despite
having enough time to save him from death.
A bottomless fiery pit opened beneath the
ground Kim’s standing on, with a lot of
souls trying to crawl up.
The two prosecutors that accompany the Judge
of Murder try to charge Kim with 5 years in
the bottomless pit.
However, Mirror of Karma, which plays records
of Kim’s life at that moment, reveals that
Kim’s friend asks him to save the victims
first before saving him.
With these facts taken into consideration,
the Judge verdicts that Kim is innocent, and
the charge is rejected.
For the second trial, Kim will be tried for
how well he uses the time among the living.
Before facing the Goddess of Indolence, Gang-rim
asks Kim not to talk back to the Goddess,
without exceptions.
To start the trial, Deok-choon describes how
Kim is diligent in using his time to save
both people and animals, and often has to
sacrifice himself in order to do so.
The Goddess is touched by Kim’s actions.
However, when asked for the reason, Kim replied
that he was looking for money.
The Goddess, disappointed by Kim’s answer,
condemns him to fall down the waterfall.
In the River of Indolence, Kim will have to
run on a platform while being grinded by stone
rollers, or get eaten alive by human-flesh-eating
fishes.
Gang-rim defends Kim desperately by showing
that Kim works so hard to help treat his ailing
mute Mother and pay for his brother’s law
school.
Finally, the Goddess changes her verdict and
finds Kim not guilty due to his reasons.
Kim and the Guardians then arrive in the Blade
Forest.
Haewonmak explains that Kim can visit His
Mother’s dream before being reincarnated,
which boosts Kim’s motivation of clearing
the trials.
To get through the Blade Forest, Kim as a
Paragon gets easy access to ride a boat on
a slide.
On the boat, they are attacked by Hell ghouls.
After effortful fighting from Gang-rim and
Haewonmak, they succeeded in fending off the
ghouls.
However, time in the Afterlife is speeding
up due to Kim’s family member becoming a
Vengeful Spirit.
With the time constraint, Gang-rim portaled
to the World of Living to find out that the
Vengeful Spirit is actually Soo-hong, Kim’s
brother.
Rumors have spread that Soo-hong has deserted
his military post for 3 days.
To Gang-rim’s surprise, Soo-hong was killed
by his Junior in a gun misfire.
Soo-hong didn’t resent his Junior for this.
However, Soo-hong’s senior decided to bury
him and report him as a deserter to save his
promotion.
Unbeknownst to them, that Soo-hong was actually
still alive and was buried for a whole day
before actually dying.
Due to this treachery, Soo-hong’s soul became
a Vengeful Spirit that seeks to destroy his
Senior’s and Junior’s life.
Seeing the hidden kindness in Soo-hong, Gang-rim
determines to help him reincarnate too.
Having cleared the Blade Forest, Kim and the
two Guardians arrive in the Hell of Deceit
where Kim will be judged for the lies he has
said in his life.
The Mirror of Karma shows that Kim writes
fake letters to the daughter of his friend
whom he cannot save, and to his Mother for
the past 15 years, to give false hope.
By the Judge's consent, root trees engulf
Kim’s body to restrain him, and to cut out
Kim’s tongue.
In the panic, Haewonmak calls out to Gang-rim
and Gang-rim starts his final defense on Kim
by linking his mind with Deok-choon.
Gang-rim reveals that upon reading Kim’s
fake letters, both the kid and Kim’s Mother
are having a fulfilling life.
Touched by the result, the Judge clears Kim
of his charges and allows him to pass the
trial.
Before going to the next trial, Gang-rim lied
to Kim to motivate him in clearing the trials.
He told him that both his Mother and his brother
are doing well.
But this false statement leads to an avalanche
in the glaciers of Injustice Hell.
If Kim was found guilty in this trial, he
would be locked away for years in an ice cage
along the Hell of Injustice.
Fortunately, due to Kim being just, as a Paragon,
they can safely pass without any trial on
a cable car.
Upon having chit-chat, Kim found that the
Vengeful Spirit was in fact his brother and
that the Guardians are looking to eliminate
him.
Suddenly, the cable car collapses, and Kim
rescues the Guardians.
Kim and the Guardians pass through the Heavenly
Passage that meanders to the Betrayal Hell.
since Kim has lived a noble life, he leaves
the Betrayal Hell without any hassle.
Then, It is revealed that Gang-rim’s attempt
in reincarnating Soo-hong causes the Guardians
to have accidents.
Haewonmak warned Gang-rim that if he continues
to do so, the Guardians will be found guilty
and sentenced to death.
Gang-rim hunts down Soo-hong and tries to
talk to him to let go of his grudges.
When Gang-rim is not on guard, Soo-hong takes
the opportunity to strike him and breaks away.
Soo-hong’s Junior cannot bear the guilt
and reveals the location of the body to Kim’s
Mother.
While he is doing all this, Gang-rim witnesses
everything and follows him through.
in fact, Junior wants to commit suicide due
to his guilt.
when Junior hangs himself and is about to
die, Soo-hong's hatred vanishes and pleads
Gang-rim to save him.
Even though Gang-rim is not technically allowed
to intervene in earthly affairs, he empathizes
with Soo-hong and stops Junior.
Gang-rim’s transgression has brought disaster
to Kim and the Guardians in the afterlife,
so they start falling into the vacuum sinkhole
of Violent Hell.
At such a critical moment, Soo-hong reconciles
with Junior via Gang-rim as the medium.
As a result, they finally stop falling.
Once more being tried, Kim is charged with
Violence for cruelly beating his malnutrition
Brother.
To add to his crime, he ran away from home
for 15 years after that.
The God of Violence sentenced him to fall
into the bottomless vacuum sinkhole and be
crushed by the levitating stones.
Before the final verdict, Gang-rim requests
to do a combined trial for Kim’s actions
are tied to the next trial.
A combined trial means Kim will receive double
punishment and the Guardians will be stripped
of their privileges, if Kim is found guilty.
Later, through Deok-choon’s vision, it is
revealed that Kim tried to kill all of his
family members because they were so poor and
had no hope of surviving.
Out of his regret and guilt, he beat up his
brother and decided to live for his family.
He ran out from home and sent money to his
Mother regularly to support their life until
his last breath.
Gang-rim cleansed Soo-hong’s soul by bringing
him back to the place of his burial, and prepares
to send him to the Afterlife.
But Kim’s Mother comes to meet the Senior
using the map Junior gave her.
Seeing his Mother being treated rudely, Soo-hong
turned back to a Vengeful Spirit and wreaked
havoc in the facility.
In the afterlife, Kim and the two Guardians
are confronted by an infinite army that rises
from the sand.
Due to the disturbance caused by Soo-hong,
sandstorm rages in both Afterlife and World
of Living.
The sandstorm opens a portal connecting the
two worlds and Haewonmak is sent to the World
of Living.
In the Afterlife, Kim is caught in a quicksand.
With the portal opened, Soo-hong quickly stopped
the havoc to save Kim and he turned back into
a peaceful soul.
Seeing that the havoc has passed, King of
Hell Yeomra emerges with his castle, Hell
of Filial Impiety, from the sand to pass judgment
on Kim.
King Yeomra Directly verdicts that Kim is
guilty of trying to kill his Mother.
To defend Kim, Deok-choon claims that Kim’s
Mother was unconscious and that no one was
killed that night.
Unbeknownst to them that his Mother was conscious
and aware of Kim’s attempt.
But His Mother chose to stay silent because
she knew that her death will bring comfort
to her kids’ life.
She buried the memory in her heart and waited
for Kim to return to her.
Swallowed in guilt, Kim volunteers to accept
all the punishment, and asks to see his Mother
once more to apologize.
King Yeomra is enraged by Kim’s request
and commands the prosecutors to read the final
verdict.
However, Gang-rim quickly let Soo-hong visit
his Mother’s dream.
There, She forgives Kim and says that the
brothers did nothing wrong and that she loves
them.
With Kim’s Mother’s forgiveness, King
Yeomra drops the charges against Kim and orders
him to be reincarnated immediately.
In the World of Living, Soo-hong is also declared
as a Paragon and gets VIP access for reincarnation.
Gang-rim is struck to find out that Haewonmak
didn’t visit him in the World of Living
and it was actually King Yeomra himself.
In the final scene, Gang-rim decides to bring
Soo-hong directly to the Hell of Filial Impiety
to meet King Yeomra, even though before meeting
the King they have to overcome thousands of
warriors in Hell.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.